h1. YUI 3 In Place Editor Plugin 

An in place editor "YUI 3":http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/3/ "node":http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/3/node/ "plugin":http://developer.yahoo.com/yui/3/plugin/ based on the excellent (and now maybe classic(?)) "script.aculo.us module":http://wiki.github.com/madrobby/scriptaculous/ajax-inplaceeditor.

h2. Goals

# Awesomeness
# Reliability
# Cruciality
# Make YUI 3 _seem_ friendlier to developers used to Ruby/Rails/JQuery/Disney magic

h2. How do I use this?

Theres an example "Sinatra":http://www.sinatrarb.com/ application included. 
Crank it up, go to http://localhost:4567/in_place_edit.html and give it a shot.

h3. OR JUST CHECK THIS OUT

bc.. // Check out the YUI 3 Docs if this looks weird.
YUI({
    modules:{
      ipe: {
        name: 'ipe',
        type: 'js',
        // The full path to the IPE file...
        fullpath: 'http://localhost:4567/javascripts/in_place_edit.js',
        requires: ['plugin', 'io-base', 'io-form']
      }      
    },
    
    filter: 'debug'
  }).use("node", "ipe", function(Y){
    
  var edit_1 = Y.one("#my_element_i_want_to_edit_in_place");
    
  //          ********The IPE*******  *****A Configuration Object*******
  edit_1.plug(Y.Plugin.InPlaceEditor, {url:"http://localhost:4567/test"});
  
  // That's it. Really. 
        
});

h2. Boring (or not) configuration options:

* autoRows: Rows if we happen to make a textarea tag. Defaults to 3.
* callbacks: Callbacks fired from time to time. onSuccess, onFailure, mouseover, mouseout, etc
* cancelControl: Type of cancel control to create. Must be 'button' or 'link'. Defaults to 'button'.
* cancelControlText: Text for cancel control. Defaults to 'cancel'.
* clickToEditText: Text set to host's title attribute. Defaults to 'Click to edit'
* cols: cols attr for generated input. Defaults to 0.
* editorClassName: Class name for generated input, defaults to 'editor_field'
* formClassName: Class attribute for the generated form
* formId: ID attribute for the generated form
* highlightColor: Color to set host's background color to on hover. Defaults to #FFFF99.
* hoverClassName: Class name added to host on hover
* paramName: Name of param that is sent to the server. Defaults to 'value'.
* rows: Rows attribute of generated field. Defaults to 1
* saveControl: Type of save control to create. Must be 'button' or 'link'. Defaults to 'button'
* saveControlText: Text for save control. Defaults to 'Save'
* savingClassName: Class name applied to element whilst saving. Defaults to 'editor-saving'
* savingText: Text inserted into element whilst saving. Defaults to 'saving...'
* size: Size attribute of generated field. Defaults to 0
* textAfterControls: Text after cancel control.
* textBeforeControls: Text before the save control.
* textBetweenControls: Text between Save and Cancel controls. Defaults to '&nbsp;OR&nbsp;'
* url: URL to make request via YUI.IO
* ioOptions: Configuration object for The YUI.IO instance. Merges with the default.






